hi this is paul from zero bars and this
is a case review a wallet case review so
it's here and it's awesome this is the
box that I got sent sorry here we go now
this is not just any case this is a very
nice case I've been waiting for this so
let's get it out never damn good look at
it right okay we'll get down there that
looks like a nice cloth there nice so
you can open this clock up first now
that is one nice cloth oh my god it
feels I'm well impressed the cloth
already excellent right so that's that
but get our books our way here we go
star on a show look at that very very
nicely made or weave lever look at that
strap is to the strap going this way
he's going off this way hasn't got
stretches far look at that ok so I'm go
now gonna put some cards in this wallet
this has been made very very nice ok so
let's get some cards in it I just slot
in there it's not like some of these
other ones when they go down and you end
up losing your cards look at that this
already is a nice phone case ok so
that's four cards in there and obviously
you have got the money slot be on there
as well which is all coated in a very
nice material oh that smells so livery
very nice so iphone 5s clips in its got
like a plastic shell going around the
outside fold that over like so get the
band straight your
what are we doing here it's not straight
outside so there you go so that's what
it's like with my phone in it and for
cards that's not even to fig very nice
so really see to start a show check that
out whoo so I've got a phone case on its
own so this has got a magnet in there a
very strong magnet and it's been coated
in leather so it doesn't affect your
cards or anything and you can just snap
it back on there like so and look at
that that's not dropping off a tear at
all so you put you that in your pocket
and there you go you can talk along
instead of having the case flapping
about you can fold it back if you really
want to but you don't need to because it
comes straight off of there like so that
clips on there very nice and basically
obviously has no camera hole you can
either slide it up like that and it
still stays on there very nicely you can
take pictures like so or you just take
pictures like that so very very nice
very nice design we've got all like
magnets here and obviously magnets on
the back and there and it's also a stand
as well so there you go so you can stand
up and watch your films okay so when the
phones all closed up like so you've got
access there to your sleeper wait button
we've also got access to speak Oh Mike
and also lighting the adapter and
headphone jack so you haven't got to
worry about anything like that and
obviously if you fold open the case you
can get to your volume buttons and mute
buttons that side as well so yes very
nice so for this case you're looking at
ninety nine dollars and ninety-five
cents which in english money works out
to about 60 pounds this case is worth 60
pounds or a hundred dollars just because
of that that is brilliant I mean I know
these other tasties out there on the
market will do the same but this one not
they're not as well made is this no way
this all handmade lever and you've got
that magnet bit there I love it um well
impressed and like i said this band is
not going to get too stretched because
it hasn't got goes far he's not going
over I had a case what went all over
like that it's not it wasn't the
greatest it was a nice case but the
it started getting a bit flappy so yeah
that's for four cards in it that's not
it's nothing I'm super super impressive
this ok so I'm going to put the link in
the description below to where you can
go and buy one of these yeah absolute
brilliant a duties for iphone 5s and I
and iphone 4s is as well ok they also do
it for a lot of other devices so go and
check them out
thanks for watching please hums up the
video and if you're not already
subscribe buttons down now subscribe to
see lots more reviews on lots more cases
thanks for watching and goodbye